We've reached the end of the course.
Thanks for following along with me and being fully engaged.
You've mastered web services, micro-services,
and APIs and learned how to share data using them.
You even learned how to re-use third party web services in your existing systems,
to help speed up your development.
You saw how easy Spring Boot makes it to develop rest APIs.
You were exposed to graph QL and the tool graphic
QL for sending queries and mutations to a graph QL server.
We discussed the importance of security,
and securing the web services that provide access to your data.
We use basic Auth to secure our rest API,
and then discuss the importance of documentation and testing,
which are oftentimes the last things we do.
But they should be a part of our normal development process.
You've seen how easy both unit and integration testing can be,
due to useful frameworks like J-Unit and Mockito.
I encourage you to take everything you've learned and fully embrace web services.
Good luck on your learning journey.